README.md, before:

# Wikipedia-Glossary-of-Category-Theory-Flashcards
Repository containing Anki Flashcards &amp; source code to revise Category Theory terms

## Introduction
This repository has taken definitions outlined in [Wikipedia's Glossary of category theory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glossary_of_category_theory) and put them into a form which can be easily learnt/revised using <a href="https://apps.ankiweb.net/">Anki</a> a cross platform app specifically designed for long term knowledge retention.

## Notes
Please note the modifications which have been made & where you can find updates.
1. The front of every card has "(Wikipedia Glossary of Category Theory)" appended to the end so that if you have any other words in your collection, the Wikipedia definition will still be added when importing it.
2. Any updates or corrections to the deck will be available at <a href="https://github.com/darigovresearch/Wikipedia-Glossary-of-Category-Theory-Flashcards">https://github.com/darigovresearch/Wikipedia-Glossary-of-Category-Theory-Flashcards</a> so do return periodically to check if you have the latest version.

Feel free to share the deck and give the repository a star so more people are likely to see this work and can get the most out of it.

## Usage
If you want to just learn the words, download <a href="https://apps.ankiweb.net/">Anki</a> on your device of choice and open the .apkg file to add it into your collection. If you wish to build the deck from scratch you will need to import the .txt file via the desktop with HTML enabled and the separator to be "¬".

## Potential Improvements Yet to be Made
1. To find a way to systematically pull the definitions from so that any corrections or additions are automatically updated.
2. To be able to automatically sort the cards so that the words which are used most in the original work is displayed first for the user to learn.

## Contributing
Pull requests, corrections & fixes are welcome. Any contributions must be submitted under the same license that the original piece of work (see below). Take a look at any open issues or submit new ones if there is something that needs to be fixed or added.

## License
Unless otherwise specified, everything in this repository is covered by the following licence:

This repository uses material from the Wikipedia article <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glossary_of_category_theory">"Glossary of category theory"</a>, which is released under the <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-Share-Alike License 3.0</a>.

To see this work in full go to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glossary_of_category_theory

Commit message:

feat: Adds link to Intro to Anki Video in Readme

README.md, after:

# Wikipedia-Glossary-of-Category-Theory-Flashcards
Repository containing Anki Flashcards &amp; source code to revise Category Theory terms

## Introduction
This repository has taken definitions outlined in [Wikipedia's Glossary of category theory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glossary_of_category_theory) and put them into a form which can be easily learnt/revised using <a href="https://apps.ankiweb.net/">Anki</a> a cross platform app specifically designed for long term knowledge retention.

## Notes
Please note the modifications which have been made & where you can find updates.
1. The front of every card has "(Wikipedia Glossary of Category Theory)" appended to the end so that if you have any other words in your collection, the Wikipedia definition will still be added when importing it.
2. Any updates or corrections to the deck will be available at <a href="https://github.com/darigovresearch/Wikipedia-Glossary-of-Category-Theory-Flashcards">https://github.com/darigovresearch/Wikipedia-Glossary-of-Category-Theory-Flashcards</a> so do return periodically to check if you have the latest version.

Feel free to share the deck and give the repository a star so more people are likely to see this work and can get the most out of it.

## Usage
If you want to just learn the words, download <a href="https://apps.ankiweb.net/">Anki</a> on your device of choice and open the .apkg file to add it into your collection. If you wish to build the deck from scratch you will need to import the .txt file via the desktop with HTML enabled and the separator to be "¬".

Watch our video on an Introduction to Anki for a complete overeview -> [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dji_h7PILrw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dji_h7PILrw)

## Potential Improvements Yet to be Made
1. To find a way to systematically pull the definitions from so that any corrections or additions are automatically updated.
2. To be able to automatically sort the cards so that the words which are used most in the original work is displayed first for the user to learn.

## Contributing
Pull requests, corrections & fixes are welcome. Any contributions must be submitted under the same license that the original piece of work (see below). Take a look at any open issues or submit new ones if there is something that needs to be fixed or added.

## License
Unless otherwise specified, everything in this repository is covered by the following licence:

This repository uses material from the Wikipedia article <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glossary_of_category_theory">"Glossary of category theory"</a>, which is released under the <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-Share-Alike License 3.0</a>.

To see this work in full go to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glossary_of_category_theory
